# Acadlore Transactions on AI and Machine Learning

HOME:
Acadlore Transactions on AI and Machine Learning (ATAIML) is a peer-reviewed, scholarly open access journal on artificial intelligence, machine and deep learning, and the related fields. It is published quarterly online by Acadlore. The publication dates of the four issues usually fall in March, June, September, and December each year.
Professional service - All articles submitted go through rigorous yet rapid peer review and editing, following the strictest publication standards.
Fast publication - All articles accepted are quickly published, thanks to our expertise in organizing peer-review, editing, and production.
Open access - All articles published are immediately available to global audience, and freely sharable anywhere, anytime.
Additional benefits - All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.

Aims & Scope:
Aims

Acadlore Transactions on AI and Machine Learning (ATAIML) (ISSN xxxxx) is an open access journal of computer science, artificial intelligence, machine and deep learning, graph neural networks, synthetic data, and other related fields, theory, methods, as well as interdisciplinary applications, algorithms, data and implementations on different platforms. ATAIML offers an advanced meeting place for studies related to AI and machine learning topics and their applications. We welcome original submissions in various forms, including reviews, regular research papers, and short communications as well as Special Issues on particular topics. The journal will have a special focus on the relation between AI and extended reality, to synthetic data, and to graph neural networks.
The aim of ATAIML is to encourage scientists to publish their concepts, theoretical and experimental results and coding as much detailed as possible. Therefore, the journal has no restrictions regarding the length of papers. Full details should be provided so that the results can be reproduced. In addition, the journal has the following features:
Manuscripts regarding new and innovative research proposals and ideas are particularly welcome.
Young scientists will find a forum to exchange ideas.
Electronic files or software regarding the full details of the calculation and experimental procedure as well as source codes can be submitted as supplementary material.

Scope

The scope of the journal covers, but is not limited to the following topics:
AI and sensorics
AI and IoT
AI and mixed reality
AI and smart food, agriculture and forest
AI and design, fashion and arts
AI and psychology
Ethical and law issues of AI
Graph neural networks
Machine Learning in biology, chemistry, physics
Advanced sequential neural networks
Bayesian learning
Statistical and topological methods in machine learning
AI and multimedia data
Green AI and AI for a green world
Data-centric AI and synthetic data
AI and knowledge graphs
AI and geoinformatics
AI and ML use cases and applications
Mathematical methods of deep learning and graph neural networks
AI foundational standards
Computational approaches and computational characteristics of AI systems
Emerging AI technologies
Trustworthiness
