# Journal of Civil and Hydraulic Engineering

HOME:
Journal of Civil and Hydraulic Engineering (JCHE) is a peer-reviewed, open access academic journal on intelligent management, smart decision-making, and the related fields. It is published quarterly online by Acadlore. The publication dates of the four issues usually fall in March, June, September, and December each year.
Professional service - All articles submitted go through rigorous yet rapid peer review and editing, following the strictest publication standards.
Fast publication - All articles accepted are quickly published, thanks to our expertise in organizing peer-review, editing, and production.
Open access - All articles published are immediately available to global audience, and freely sharable anywhere, anytime.
Additional benefits - All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.

Aims & Scope:
Aims

Journal of Civil and Hydraulic Engineering (JCHE) (ISSN xxxxx) is an international open access scholarly journal, which provides an emerging platform for publication of the latest knowledge on any aspect of civil engineering and hydraulic engineering. Our mission is to accept and disseminate original contributions that describe the analyses and solutions in relevant fields, such as civil structure and materials, hydraulic and geotechnical engineering, and water resources management, to name but a few. We welcome original submissions in various forms, including reviews, regular research papers, and short communications as well as Special Issues on particular topics. Our emphasis is placed on the presentation of concepts, methodologies, technologies, and results that advance the knowledge and application in related fields.
The aim of JCHE is to encourage scientists to publish their theoretical and experimental results in as much detail as possible. Therefore, the journal has no restrictions regarding the length of papers. Full details should be provided so that the results can be reproduced. In addition, the journal has the following features:
Manuscripts regarding new and innovative research proposals and ideas are particularly welcome.
Authors from non-English speaking countries will receive language support.
Following a rigorous review process, the accepted papers are published quickly to minimize the time from submission to publication.

Scope

The scope of the journal covers, but is not limited to the following topics:
Civil structure and materials
Geotechnical and foundation engineering
Underground and tunnel engineering
Road, bridge and railway engineering
Civil engineering disaster prevention
Building environment and energy application engineering
Electrical and intelligent buildings
Engineering hydrology and water resource utilization
Agricultural water conservancy and rural water conservancy
Hydraulics and river dynamics
Harbor, waterway and coastal engineering
Hydraulic machinery and systems
Hydraulic and geotechnical engineering
Hydraulic structure and materials
Water resources and hydropower engineering
Ecological water conservancy
Smart water conservancy
Risk assessment of hydraulic engineering
Water economy
Urban water supply and drainage science and engineering
Urban sewage treatment and resource utilization
Urban and rural water system and ecological recycling
Water environment pollution control and restoration
Regional and urban water ecological environment system engineering
Risk control of water ecological environment
