# Smart Systems and Equipment

HOME:
Smart Systems and Equipment (SSE) is a peer-reviewed, open-access academic journal in related fields of smart systems and intelligent equipment theory, practice, and applications. It is published quarterly online by Acadlore. The publication dates of the four issues usually fall in March, June, September, and December each year.
Professional service - All articles submitted go through rigorous yet rapid peer review and editing, following the strictest publication standards.
Fast publication - All articles accepted are quickly published, thanks to our expertise in organizing peer-review, editing, and production.
Open access - All articles published are immediately available to global audience, and freely sharable anywhere, anytime.
Additional benefits - All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.

Aims & Scope:
Aims

Smart Systems and Equipment (SSE) (ISSN xxxxx) is an academic, peer reviewed, fully open-access journal, which publishes multi/interdisciplinary research papers on modern technological means to design intelligent information systems and related equipment for urban operation, security, home, education, medical treatment, life, agriculture, electric power, communication, transportation, aviation, aerospace, navigation and other fields, or innovative solutions to practical engineering problems like intelligent information perception with creativity and application value, complex control, artificial intelligence, data science, intelligent decision-making, and intelligent equipment system.
The mission of SSE is to report interdisciplinary research relating to integrating intelligent technologies in systems and devices. We welcome original submissions in various forms, including review articles, regular articles, short communications, and Special Issues on particular subjects. Authors are encouraged to submit manuscripts bridging the gaps between research, development and implementation. SSE has a particular interest in the works that help readers discover new developments in theory, practice, and applications. Submissions that provide evidence of smart systems and equipment designs of reliable, safe, and trustworthy for real-world applications are particularly favored.
SSE encourages authors to publish their detailed theoretical studies and experimental results. Therefore, the journal does not limit the length of papers, but requires complete details so that readers can copy the research. In addition, the magazine also has the following features:
The breadth of coverage ranges from purely theoretical hypotheses to entirely practical solutions.
Manuscripts regarding new and innovative research proposals and ideas.
The full details of the calculation and experimental procedure as well as source codes can be submitted as supplementary material.

Scope

SSE receives new discoveries, applications, and new equipment designed by engineering and technical means, such as cyber physical systems, sensor networks, signal processing, speech processing, image processing, computer vision, the Internet of things, intelligent information perception, deep learning, robots, complex control, artificial intelligence, data science, intelligent decision-making, in homes, communities, public service places, or in industry, agriculture and forestry, electric power, transportation, and communications. The journal covers but is not limited to the following topics:
Smart city
Intelligent security
Smart home
Intelligent education
Intelligent medicine
Intelligent life
Smart agriculture
Intelligent power
Intelligent communication
Intelligent transportation
Intelligent aviation
Intelligent aerospace
Intelligent navigation
Intelligent vehicle
Affective computing
Deep learning
Digital design, manufacturing and digital twin
Edge computing
Safety and reliability assessment
Human-computer interaction
Hybrid intelligence
Industrial control
Internet of things
Information perception and fault diagnosis
System modeling, simulation, optimization and intelligent design
Intelligent monitoring and control
Robots and smart equipment
Computer vision techniques
Intelligent fault diagnosis theory and method
Signal processing
