# Journal of Engineering Management and Systems Engineering

HOME:
Journal of Engineering Management and Systems Engineering (JEMSE) is a peer-reviewed, open access academic journal on engineering management, systems engineering, and the related fields. It is published quarterly online by Acadlore. The publication dates of the four issues usually fall in March, June, September, and December each year.
Professional service - All articles submitted go through rigorous yet rapid peer review and editing, following the strictest publication standards.
Fast publication - All articles accepted are quickly published, thanks to our expertise in organizing peer-review, editing, and production.
Open access - All articles published are immediately available to global audience, and freely sharable anywhere, anytime.
Additional benefits - All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.

Aims & Scope:
Aims

Journal of Engineering Management and Systems Engineering (JEMSE) (ISSN xxxxx) is a leading cross-disciplinary, peer-reviewed journal dedicated to the cutting-edge research on engineering management and systems engineering. The mission of JEMSE is to increase knowledge on what technologies and processes are contributing to the management in engineering and the optimization of engineering systems. We welcome original submissions in various forms, including reviews, regular research papers, and short communications as well as Special Issues on particular topics. Authors are recommended to present new developments in theory and practice that can improve the performance of engineering systems.
The aim of JEMES is to encourage scientists to publish their theoretical and experimental results in as much detail as possible. Therefore, the journal has no restrictions regarding the length of papers. Full details should be provided so that the results can be reproduced. In addition, the journal has the following features:
The breadth of coverage ranges from purely theoretical hypotheses to entirely practical solutions.
Every submission goes through a fair, rapid and rigorous peer review process overseen by full-time professional editors.
The best articles are eligible for competition for the Best Paper Award.

Scope

The scope of the journal covers, but is not limited to the following topics:
Continuing education
Organizational theory
Emerging technologies
Information management
Project management
Conflict management
Risk management
Knowledge management
Intelligent design
Expert system
System optimization
Decision nanalysis
Strategic and operations management
Strategic planning
Innovative design
R&D
New product development
Management of design and consulting engineering organizations
Systems engineering management
Technology forecasting
Technology commercialization
Technology management
Technology transfer
Theories, methods, and applications relating to systems engineering
Applications and practical experience of systems engineering
