# Journal of Sustainability for Energy

HOME:
Journal of Sustainability for Energy (JSE) is a peer-reviewed, scholarly open access journal on current energy problems, sustainable energy applications, and the related fields. It is published quarterly online by Acadlore. The publication dates of the four issues usually fall in March, June, September, and December each year.
Professional service - All articles submitted go through rigorous yet rapid peer review and editing, following the strictest publication standards.
Fast publication - All articles accepted are quickly published, thanks to our expertise in organizing peer-review, editing, and production.
Open access - All articles published are immediately available to global audience, and freely sharable anywhere, anytime.
Additional benefits - All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.

Aims & Scope:
Aims

Journal of Sustainability for Energy (JSE) (ISSN xxxxx) is an open access community-focused journal, which is committed to publishing cutting-edge applied research across the full range of disciplines related to the sustainability for energy. The mission of JSE is to facilitate the dissemination of all sorts of innovative approaches that advance the sustainable use of energy. We welcome original submissions in various forms, including reviews, regular research papers, and short communications as well as Special Issues on particular topics. Authors are encouraged to submit manuscripts which bridge the gaps between research, development and implementation.
The aim of JSE is to encourage scientists to publish their theoretical and experimental results in as much detail as possible. Therefore, the journal has no restrictions regarding the length of papers. Full details should be provided so that the results can be reproduced. In addition, the journal has the following features:
All published papers are indexed in mainstream journal indexing systems.
Authors from non-English speaking countries will receive language support.
Manuscripts regarding new and innovative research proposals and ideas are particularly welcome.
The full details of the calculation and experimental procedure as well as source codes can be submitted as supplementary material.

Scope

The scope of the journal covers, but is not limited to the following topics:
Carbon reduction
Clean energy conversion and utilization
Energy sustainability
Life Cycle Assessment
Environmental pollution reduction
Climate change mitigation
Distributed energy systems
Advanced conversion technologies
Innovative technologies of fossil and renewable energy
Integrated energy systems
Sustainable energy systems
Renewable energy
Optimal use of energy resources
Optimization of energy processes
Smart materials for energy reduction management
Integration and optimization of smart and flexible systems
Smart grids and mini/micro grids
IoT systems for energy savings monitoring
IoT systems for indoor air quality monitoring
Energy conservation strategies
Energy conversion and conservation
Energy storage
Economic industrial and domestic use of energy
Environmental, social and economic impacts of energy policies
Mitigation of environmental pollutants
Modeling and forecasting of energy use
