# Journal of Industrial Intelligence

HOME:
Journal of Industrial Intelligence (JII) is a peer-reviewed, scholarly open access journal on intelligent technologies, their industrial applications, and the related fields. It is published quarterly online by Acadlore. The publication dates of the four issues usually fall in March, June, September, and December each year.
Professional service - All articles submitted go through rigorous yet rapid peer review and editing, following the strictest publication standards.
Fast publication - All articles accepted are quickly published, thanks to our expertise in organizing peer-review, editing, and production.
Open access - All articles published are immediately available to global audience, and freely sharable anywhere, anytime.
Additional benefits - All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.

Aims & Scope:
Aims

Journal of Industrial Intelligence (JII) (ISSN xxxxx) is an open access refereed journal disseminating innovative works in intelligent technologies and their industrial applications. JII provides a high-end forum for academic researchers, industrial professionals, and policy makers in related fields from around the world to report both fundamental and applied research results. We welcome original submissions in various forms, including reviews, regular research papers, and short communications as well as Special Issues on particular topics. The journal is particularly in favor of original and authoritative works that promote real-world industrial applications in addition to technical fundamentals.
The aim of JII is to encourage scientists to publish their theoretical and experimental results in as much detail as possible. Therefore, the journal has no restrictions regarding the length of papers. Full details should be provided so that the results can be reproduced. In addition, the journal has the following features:
Authors from non-English speaking countries will receive language support.
Authors from emerging countries enjoy the same high-quality services as those from the developed world.
The full details of the calculation and experimental procedure as well as source codes can be submitted as supplementary material.

Scope

The scope of the journal covers, but is not limited to the following topics:
Industry 4.0
Multi-agent collaborative sensing and control
Feature extraction and knowledge acquisition
Intelligent sensing and industrial data modelling
Industrial data representation and visualization
Industrial perception, cognition, and decision-
New intelligent system theory and methods
Smart factories and Internet of things
Product quality surveillance, and fault diagnosis
Internet-based remote monitoring
Integrated sensors and machines
Predictive maintenance
Abnormal situation monitoring
Causality analysis
Control performance monitoring and assessment
Cooperative control, autonomous control, operation optimization control, etc.
Intelligent decision systems
Virtual manufacturing, smart grid, unmanned vehicles, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), etc.
Real-time optimization through reinforcement learning
Weak AI development
