# Information Dynamics and Applications

HOME:
Information Dynamics and Applications (IDA) is a peer-reviewed, scholarly open access journal on the dynamics and applications of information technology, and the related fields. It is published quarterly online by Acadlore. The publication dates of the four issues usually fall in March, June, September, and December each year.
Professional service - All articles submitted go through rigorous yet rapid peer review and editing, following the strictest publication standards.
Fast publication - All articles accepted are quickly published, thanks to our expertise in organizing peer-review, editing, and production.
Open access - All articles published are immediately available to global audience, and freely sharable anywhere, anytime.
Additional benefits - All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.

Aims & Scope:
Aims

Information Dynamics and Applications (IDA) (ISSN xxxxx) is a fully refereed international open access journal, which publishes original research results in all subjects related to the dynamics and applications of information technology. The mission of the journal is to promote interdisciplinary research centered around the key issues of information processing, storage, and transmission. We welcome original submissions in various forms, including reviews, regular research papers, and short communications as well as Special Issues on particular topics. Our special interest lies in new analytical and application techniques of information technology in different fields of science and engineering.
The aim of IDA is to encourage scientists to publish their theoretical and experimental results in as much detail as possible. Therefore, the journal has no restrictions regarding the length of papers. Full details should be provided so that the results can be reproduced. In addition, the journal has the following features:
Journal editors behave in a professional and courteous manner toward authors, and offer specific suggestions for improving a paper.
Authors from non-English speaking countries will receive language support.
The published papers have maximum exposure under our open access policy.

Scope

The scope of the journal covers, but is not limited to the following topics:
Artificial intelligence
Digitalization
Signal processing
Simulation optimization
Social networking
Ubiquitous computing
Industrial engineering
Information architecture
Internet of things
Data mining and manipulation
Data storage, retrieval, and transmission
Database management
Decision support systems
Enterprise systems
Management information systems
Electronic commerce
Joint application development, knowledge-based systems
Local area networks
Robotics
Security
Software as a service
Supply chain management
Systems analysis
Quantum optimization
