# Power Engineering and Engineering Thermophysics

HOME:
Power Engineering and Engineering Thermophysics (PEET) is a peer-reviewed, open access academic journal on power engineering, engineering thermophysics, and the related fields. It is published quarterly online by Acadlore. The publication dates of the four issues usually fall in March, June, September, and December each year.
Professional service - All articles submitted go through rigorous yet rapid peer review and editing, following the strictest publication standards.
Fast publication - All articles accepted are quickly published, thanks to our expertise in organizing peer-review, editing, and production.
Open access - All articles published are immediately available to global audience, and freely sharable anywhere, anytime.
Additional benefits - All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.

Aims & Scope:
Aims

Power Engineering and Engineering Thermophysics (PEET) (ISSN xxxxx) is an international open access scholarly journal aimed at bringing together top-quality research across the entire spectrum of power engineering and engineering thermophysics, along with relevant work in related areas. The mission of PEET is to foster interdisciplinary research within engineering thermophysics, thermal engineering, power machinery and engineering, fluid machinery and engineering, and chemical process machinery, and highlight the latest developments in these continually evolving fields. We welcome original submissions in various forms, including reviews, regular research papers, and short communications as well as Special Issues on particular topics. Authors are encouraged to focus on fundamental areas of study, as well as the development of these principles to other related fields.
The aim of PEET is to encourage scientists to publish their theoretical and experimental results in as much detail as possible. Therefore, the journal has no restrictions regarding the length of papers. Full details should be provided so that the results can be reproduced. In addition, the journal has the following features:
Authors from non-English speaking countries will receive language support.
Every submission goes through a fair, rapid and rigorous peer review process overseen by full-time professional editors.
The publication process is author-friendly and transparent.

Scope

The scope of the journal covers, but is not limited to the following topics:
Co-generation
Building energy efficiency
Chemical process machinery
Biomass gasification power generation
Heat transfer in cryogenic systems
Multiphase flow combustion thermophysics of coal
Energy utilization in refrigeration and air conditioning
Photocatalytic hydrogen production
Nano/microsystem delivery and temperature
Thermal engineering
Thermodynamic cycle theory and system simulation
Thermofluid mechanics and turbomachinery
Power machinery and engineering
Fluid machinery and engineering
Engineering thermophysics
Solar energy utilization
Oil alternatives
Fuel cells
New energy vehicles
Multi-energy power control system of electric vehicles
Combustion and emission control of internal combustion engines
Automotive powertrain and control
