# Opportunities and Challenges in Sustainability

HOME:
Opportunities and Challenges in Sustainability (OCS) is a peer-reviewed, open access academic journal on the benefits, problems, and solutions of sustainable development, and the related fields. It is published quarterly online by Acadlore. The publication dates of the four issues usually fall in March, June, September, and December each year.
Professional service - All articles submitted go through rigorous yet rapid peer review and editing, following the strictest publication standards.
Fast publication - All articles accepted are quickly published, thanks to our expertise in organizing peer-review, editing, and production.
Open access - All articles published are immediately available to global audience, and freely sharable anywhere, anytime.
Additional benefits - All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.

Aims & Scope:
Aims

Opportunities and Challenges in Sustainability (OCS) (ISSN xxxxx) is an international open access journal for scientists, practitioners, and policy makers interested in the pathways toward sustainable development of human beings. The mission of OCS is to publish the latest findings on the benefits, problems, and solutions of sustainable development, and inspire policy-makers to achieve sustainable development goals. We welcome original submissions in various forms, including reviews, regular research papers, and short communications as well as Special Issues on particular topics. The journal provides a global forum for studies related to sustainability in all countries and regions in the world, especially the emerging countries.
The aim of OCS is to encourage scientists to publish their theoretical and experimental results in as much detail as possible. Therefore, the journal has no restrictions regarding the length of papers. Full details should be provided so that the results can be reproduced. In addition, the journal has the following features:
Authors from emerging countries enjoy the same high-quality services as those from the developed world.
The published papers have maximum exposure under our open access policy.
The publication process is author-friendly and transparent.

Scope

The scope of the journal covers, but is not limited to the following topics:
Air pollution and climate change
Biodiversity preservation
Disaster management
Distributed energy systems
Drought and desertification
Dynamics in urban and rural areas
Ecological disasters and environmental degradation
Economic, social and environmental challenges
Education and awareness of sustainability
Efficient utilization of energy
Environmental regulation
Green energy
Life cycle assessment
Peripheral and ultra-peripheral regions studies on sustainability
Policies for sustainable development
Sustainable environments in cities
Sustainable planning in border regions
Sustainable production and consumption
Sustainable resource utilization
Tourism sustainability
Urban sprawl and population growth
Waste recycling
Water pollution and treatment
Sustainability in Education
Sustainability in Business
Sustainability in Marketing
Sustainability in Growth
Sustainability in Economics
