# Journal of Intelligent Management Decision

HOME:
Journal of Intelligent Management Decision (JIMD) is a peer-reviewed, open access academic journal on intelligent management, intelligent decision-making, and the related fields. It is published quarterly online by Acadlore. The publication dates of the four issues usually fall in March, June, September, and December each year.
Professional service - All articles submitted go through rigorous yet rapid peer review and editing, following the strictest publication standards.
Fast publication - All articles accepted are quickly published, thanks to our expertise in organizing peer-review, editing, and production.
Open access - All articles published are immediately available to global audience, and freely sharable anywhere, anytime.
Additional benefits - All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.

Aims & Scope:
Aims

Journal of Intelligent Management Decision (JIMD) (ISSN xxxxx) is a fully refereed international open access journal focusing on the state-of-the-art research of the intelligent management of various organizations that adopt information systems. The mission of JIMD is to advance intelligent management and decision-making with insightful contents and powerful implications for researchers, business leaders, and senior managers across the globe. We welcome original submissions in various forms, including reviews, regular research papers, and short communications as well as Special Issues on particular topics. We consider submissions representing a wide range of scholarship, which provides an increased understanding of the use intelligent information system in organizations and entities.
The aim of JIMD is to encourage scientists to publish their theoretical and experimental results in as much detail as possible. Therefore, the journal has no restrictions regarding the length of papers. Full details should be provided so that the results can be reproduced. In addition, the journal has the following features:
Authors from emerging countries enjoy the same high-quality services as those from the developed world.
Following a rigorous review process, the accepted papers are published quickly to minimize the time from submission to publication.
The published papers have maximum exposure under our open access policy.

Scope

The scope of the journal covers, but is not limited to the following topics:
Application of innovative technologies
Strategic enterprise architecture
Business policy and strategic management
Data mining, marketing and value creation
E-business models
E-learning and training
E-Marketing
Entrepreneurship and social enterprise
Information strategy analysis
Competitive advantage and information technology
Industry-based information systems
Intelligent decision-making theory and application
Alignment between information systems and organizational strategies
Organizational behavior and HRM
Knowledge management
Logistics management
Operations management
Fuzzy systems and decision
Security strategies
Supply chain management
CRM systems
