# International Journal of Knowledge and Innovation Studies

HOME:
International Journal of Knowledge and Innovation Studies (IJKIS) is a peer-reviewed, open access academic journal on knowledge, innovation, and the related fields. It is published quarterly online by Acadlore. The publication dates of the four issues usually fall in March, June, September, and December each year.
Professional service - All articles submitted go through rigorous yet rapid peer review and editing, following the strictest publication standards.
Fast publication - All articles accepted are quickly published, thanks to our expertise in organizing peer-review, editing, and production.
Open access - All articles published are immediately available to global audience, and freely sharable anywhere, anytime.Additional benefits: All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.
Additional benefits - All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.

Aims & Scope:
Aims

International Journal of Knowledge and Innovation Studies (IJKIS) (ISSN xxxxx) is an international open access academic journal dedicated to the advancement of studies in knowledge and innovation. It provides a high-end forum for the publication of original and insightful papers in the relevant fields. The mission of IJKIS is to advance the theoretical and practical innovations and knowledge in a wide range of fields. We welcome original submissions in various forms, including reviews, regular research papers, and short communications as well as Special Issues on particular topics. The highest priority will be given to the contributions which make an in-depth discussion and present a practical solution to real-life problems.
The aim of IJKIS is to encourage scientists to publish their theoretical and experimental results in as much detail as possible. Therefore, the journal has no restrictions regarding the length of papers. Full details should be provided so that the results can be reproduced. In addition, the journal has the following features:
All published papers are indexed in mainstream journal indexing systems.
The quality and international character of the journal are assured by distinguished members of the editorial board.
All published papers are directly searchable online, i.e., accessible to Internet users.
The publication process is author-friendly and transparent.

Scope

The scope of the journal covers, but is not limited to the following topics:
Open innovation
Human and intellectual capital
Individual innovation
Team and social innovation
Innovation and knowledge in real-enterprise scenarios
Knowledge and innovation transfer
Knowledge- and innovation-based systems, products, and processes
Information retrieval for improving the quality of knowledge in innovative organizations
Information systems in knowledge and innovation
Information technology for knowledge management in innovative organizations
Innovative strategies of knowledge management
Innovation and knowledge in decision-making process
Connection between knowledge management and innovation systems
Relationship between innovation and knowledge
Knowledge tools in computer science
Quality in knowledge and innovation
Management of knowledge flows
Big data support to knowledge management
New practical models of innovation and knowledge acquisition
Real-life applications of innovation and knowledge
