# Biomedical Engineering Technology & Information

HOME:
Biomedical Engineering Technology & Information (BMETI) is a peer-reviewed, open access academic journal on information technology applications in biomedical engineering, and the related fields. It is published quarterly online by Acadlore. The publication dates of the four issues usually fall in March, June, September, and December each year.
Professional service - All articles submitted go through rigorous yet rapid peer review and editing, following the strictest publication standards.
Fast publication - All articles accepted are quickly published, thanks to our expertise in organizing peer-review, editing, and production.
Open access - All articles published are immediately available to global audience, and freely sharable anywhere, anytime.
Additional benefits - All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.

Aims & Scope:
Aims

Biomedical Engineering Technology & Information (BMETI) (ISSN xxxxx) is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal, which provides an international forum for publication of latest applications of information technology in biomedical engineering. The mission of BMETI is to spread new methods and techniques that lay the basis for the evolving science of biomedical engineering, and the improvement of medical services. We welcome original submissions in various forms, including reviews, regular research papers, and short communications as well as Special Issues on particular topics. Contributions to the journal must focus on novel information technologies in real-world biomedical problems, and their comparison to the state-of-the-art approaches.
The aim of BMETI is to encourage scientists to publish their theoretical and experimental results in as much detail as possible. Therefore, the journal has no restrictions regarding the length of papers. Full details should be provided so that the results can be reproduced. In addition, the journal has the following features:
Authors from emerging countries enjoy the same high-quality services as those from the developed world.
The published papers have maximum exposure under our open access policy.
We may publish interviews with outstanding scientists around the world.

Scope

The scope of the journal covers, but is not limited to the following topics:
Patient safety
Bioinformatics
Biomaterials
Biomechanics
Biomedical optics
Biomedical signal processing
Clinical decision support
Drug development and delivery
In vitro diagnostics
Information technology in clinical research
Knowledge representation for healthcare
Artificial intelligence and machine learning
Biomedical imaging and image analytics
Neural engineering
Tissue engineering
Novel biologic-based methods for industrial manufacturing
Natural language processing
Pharmaceutical engineering
Proteomics
Medical devices
Mechanobiology
Musculoskeletal well-being
Rehabilitation engineering
Technical applications of healthcare
Genetic engineering
