# Intelligent Biosystems and Engineering

HOME:
Intelligent Biosystems and Engineering (IBE) is a peer-reviewed, open-access academic journal in related fields of biosystems engineering, intelligent applications, and more. It is published quarterly online by Acadlore. The publication dates of the four issues usually fall in March, June, September, and December each year.
Professional service - All articles submitted go through rigorous yet rapid peer review and editing, following the strictest publication standards.
Fast publication - All articles accepted are quickly published, thanks to our expertise in organizing peer-review, editing, and production.
Open access - All articles published are immediately available to global audience, and freely sharable anywhere, anytime.
Additional benefits - All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.

Aims & Scope:
Aims

Intelligent Biosystems and Engineering (IBE) (ISSN xxxxx) is an academic, peer reviewed, fully open-access journal, focusing on the application of intelligent engineering technology to discover the mechanism and prediction model of biological and life health: applying a certain mechanism and model to realize real-time monitoring, accurate decision-making, traceability management, remote control, disaster warning, response linkage, and other prevention and control measures related to biological production and human health, and to solve the existing problems in biological production and healthy life; utilizing the physiological characteristics of organisms and human bodies, the mechanism and principles affecting life and health, and modern technical means to design and improve robots or bionic robots, which are suitable for biological growth processes and conducive to life and health.
The mission of IBE is to report interdisciplinary research on modern engineering technology and biological systems. We welcome original submissions in various forms, including review articles, regular articles, short communications, and special issues on particular topics. Authors are encouraged to submit manuscripts which bridge the gaps between research, development and implementation. Submissions that provide evidence of biosystem designs of reliable, safe, and trustworthy for real-world applications are particularly favored.
IBE encourages authors to publish their detailed theoretical studies and experimental results. Therefore, the journal does not limit the length of papers, but requires complete details so that readers can copy the research. In addition, the journal has the following characteristics:
The breadth of coverage ranges from purely theoretical hypotheses to entirely practical solutions.
Manuscripts regarding new and innovative research proposals and ideas.
The full details of the calculation and experimental procedure as well as source codes can be submitted as supplementary material.

Scope

IBE accepts new engineering and technical means such as electronics, information, computers, control, robotics, big data, artificial intelligence, and their applications to the fields of agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry, fisheries, biology, human life and health, which bring new discoveries and new technologies. The journal covers, but is not limited to the following topics:
Intelligent creature
Intelligent life
Smart health
Smart agriculture
Smart food production
Smart forestry
Smart animal husbandry
Smart fishery
Smart gardening
Smart plant protection
Smart resources and environment
Biological production
Biosensor
Biomechanics
Biological production robot
Agricultural engineering
Food safety
Agricultural security
Biological system
Environment and ecology
Biomass / bioenergy
Pathogen measurement and transmission prediction
Water quality, quantity and water circulation
Precision agriculture
Machine vision
Artificial intelligence
Agricultural robot
