# Mechatronics and Intelligent Transportation Systems

HOME:
Mechatronics and Intelligent Transportation Systems (MITS) is a peer-reviewed, scholarly open access journal on mechatronics, intelligent transportation, and the related fields. It is published quarterly online by Acadlore. The publication dates of the four issues usually fall in March, June, September, and December each year.
Professional service - All articles submitted go through rigorous yet rapid peer review and editing, following the strictest publication standards.
Fast publication - All articles accepted are quickly published, thanks to our expertise in organizing peer-review, editing, and production.
Open access - All articles published are immediately available to global audience, and freely sharable anywhere, anytime.
Additional benefits: All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.

Aims & Scope:
Aims

Mechatronics and Intelligent Transportation Systems (MITS) (ISSN 2958-020X) is an open access refereed journal reporting advances in the state-of-the-art in mechatronic technologies and intelligent transportation systems, as well as their synergistic combinations. MITS provides a chance for researchers around the world to showcase their creative thinking and innovative solutions in areas like control systems of intelligent vehicles, mechanical engineering for transportation, intelligent transportation infrastructure, and e-transportation, to name but a few. We welcome original submissions in various forms, including reviews, regular research papers, and short communications as well as Special Issues on particular topics. The journal is especially interested in the research that leads to improved planning and operation of the transportation system through the application of new mechatronic technologies.

The aim of MITS is to encourage scientists to publish their theoretical and experimental results in as much detail as possible. Therefore, the journal has no restrictions regarding the length of papers. Full details should be provided so that the results can be reproduced. In addition, the journal has the following features:

All published papers are indexed in mainstream journal indexing systems.
Manuscripts regarding new and innovative research proposals and ideas are particularly welcome.
Authors from non-English speaking countries will receive language support.
Journal editors behave in a professional and courteous manner toward authors, and offer specific suggestions for improving a paper.
Scope

The scope of the journal covers, but is not limited to the following topics:

Computer vision

Image processing
Intelligent transportation infrastructure
E-transportation
Development of intelligent vehicles
Control systems of intelligent vehicles
Industrial design
Product modeling and design
Intelligent mechatronic control
Connected vehicles
Auto navigation and driver assistance systems
Electronic and electronic engineering
Lidar and three-dimensional sensors
Proximity sensors
Trajectory planning and control
Mechanical engineering
Mechanical engineering for transportation
Mechatronic products and applications
Modeling, identification, and control of mechatronic systemsSmart energy systems and future transportation
