# Journal of Green Economy and Low-Carbon Development

HOME:
Journal of Green Economy and Low-Carbon Development (JGELCD) is a peer-reviewed, open access academic journal on green economy, low-carbon development, and the related fields. It is published quarterly online by Acadlore. The publication dates of the four issues usually fall in March, June, September, and December each year.
Professional service - All articles submitted go through rigorous yet rapid peer review and editing, following the strictest publication standards.
Fast publication - All articles accepted are quickly published, thanks to our expertise in organizing peer-review, editing, and production.
Open access - All articles published are immediately available to global audience, and freely sharable anywhere, anytime.
Additional benefits - All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.

Aims & Scope:
Aims

Journal of Green Economy and Low-Carbon Development (JGELCD) (ISSN xxxxx) is a fully referred international open access journal concerned with the technological applications in economic development in response to challenges arising from climate change. Our mission is to encourage economic change towards low-carbon development, and highlight the importance of green economy in the current world. We welcome original submissions in various forms, including reviews, regular research papers, and short communications as well as Special Issues on particular topics. JGELCD facilitates the widest possible dissemination of innovative ideas across the areas of green, low-carbon development.
The aim of JGELCD is to encourage scientists to publish their theoretical and experimental results in as much detail as possible. Therefore, the journal has no restrictions regarding the length of papers. Full details should be provided so that the results can be reproduced. In addition, the journal has the following features:
Following a rigorous review process, the accepted papers are published quickly to minimize the time from submission to publication.
The published papers have maximum exposure under our open access policy.
We may publish interviews with outstanding scientists around the world.

Scope

The scope of the journal covers, but is not limited to the following topics:
Carbon reduction in industry
Carbon trading
Distributed energy systems and buildings
Environmental, welfare, and development economics
Fuel cells
Geothermal energy
Wave and tidal power
Wind power technology
Advanced energy storage
Ambient energy utilization
Heat pumps and CHP systems
Renewable energy systems
Renewable energy policies and economics
Low carbon technologies and systems
PV cells and system technologies
Solar collector technologies
Biomass and biogas technologies
HVAC system and natural ventilation
Sustainable development criteria
Green solutions, eco taxes, and eco-labelling
