# Journal of Intelligent Systems and Control

HOME:
Journal of Intelligent Systems and Control (JISC) is a peer-reviewed, scholarly open access journal on intelligent systems, system control, and the related fields. It is published quarterly online by Acadlore. The publication dates of the four issues usually fall in March, June, September, and December each year.
Professional service - All articles submitted go through rigorous yet rapid peer review and editing, following the strictest publication standards.
Fast publication - All articles accepted are quickly published, thanks to our expertise in organizing peer-review, editing, and production.
Open access - All articles published are immediately available to global audience, and freely sharable anywhere, anytime.
Additional benefits - All articles accepted enjoy free English editing, and face no length limit or color charges.

Aims & Scope:
Aims

Journal of Intelligent Systems and Control (JISC) (ISSN xxxxx) is an international open access scholarly journal addressing the theories, methods, and applications underlying intelligent systems and system control. The mission of the journal is to foster new thinking and research, and facilitate the understanding of operating and control mechanisms of economic, engineering, management, and technological systems. We welcome original submissions in various forms, including reviews, regular research papers, and short communications as well as Special Issues on particular topics. The journal encourages contributions related to the new developments in theory and practice that can improve the performance and control of various systems.
The aim of JISC is to encourage scientists to publish their theoretical and experimental results in as much detail as possible. Therefore, the journal has no restrictions regarding the length of papers. Full details should be provided so that the results can be reproduced. In addition, the journal has the following features:
Manuscripts regarding new and innovative research proposals and ideas are particularly welcome.
We may publish interviews with outstanding scientists around the world.
Authors from non-English speaking countries will receive language support.

Scope

The scope of the journal covers, but is not limited to the following topics:
Artificial intelligence
AI powered Internet of things
AI powered robotic systems
Artificial neural networks
Computer vision
Pattern recognition
Data mining and processing
Deep learning and machine learning
Supervised, semi-supervised and unsupervised learning
Human-centered computing and AI
Human-computer interaction
Human-robot interaction
Affective computing and social computing
Image and video processing and analysis
Multi-agent systems
Intelligent and information systems
Operation and control of various systems
Robotics and automation
Control theory and control applications
Control, automation and systems
